Every object
in JavaScript has a property called constructor.
And that references the function that was used to construct
or create that object. So here we have two objects
circle and another. Let's look at their constructor
property. So, here, on the console,
another.constructor.
So as you see, this returns our circle function that we used to
create this object. Now let's look at circle
.constructor. What is this?
Well, we can tell that this is a function, because here we have
this blue f. And as you can see the first letter of this function
is uppercase. So this is a built in constructor
function in JavaScript, when we create an object using
object literal syntax, internally the JavaScript engine
uses this constructor function. Let me show you. So I'm going to
temporarily delete all this code, let's define
an object like this, when we use this syntax, object
literal, JavaScript will translate that to something like this.
Let x equals new object.
Okay? So, the circle object
we created and returned it from our factory function, and because we used
the object literal syntax, internally it was created using
this object constructor function. In JavaScript we have
a few other built in constructors, for example, we have
string for creating strings, but quite often
we use string literals. So, single code,
or double code, or back tick. Using these literals
is cleaner and simpler than using the constructor.
We also have boolean, but again we don't use this, we
either use true or false. So we refer to these as
boolean literals. We also have number,
but instead we use number literals, like 1, 2,
3, whatever. So this is what I want you to take away,
Every object has a constructor property, and that references
a function that was used to create that object.